Improve UG Section 3 (#233)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

## 3. Overview of Features

### 3.1 Client (Bookmarks)

> If you often sell meals to repeated clients, the client bookmarks feature will be useful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you often sell meals to repeat clients, the client bookmarks feature will be useful.
```

Client bookmarks contain information like name, phone, email and address.
Some of these details can be copied to an order so you do not have to type their information over and over again.

Do note that the **details are copied to the order, this means that editing a client bookmark will not edit
an order** that previously copied client details from it. This gives you flexibility to change details within an order
and client bookmark without affecting other orders and client bookmarks.
For example, if your usual client happens to have a different delivery address just for one order,
or if your client changes his phone number in the future, it will not affect records of past orders.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">

**:bookmark: Note:**<br>

* Client bookmarks are client information that can be copied to an order's client details when adding an order.
* Client bookmarks are considered duplicates when they have the same phone number.

* You cannot have duplicate client bookmarks in the application.

* Client bookmarks may also be referred to as Clients for simplicity.

* Client bookmarks are sorted in ascending alphabetical order of client name.

>   Uppercase letters appear before lowercase letters.

Reviewer: Maybe we can add this back? Not sure why its removed.

### 3.2 Inventory

> As you probably need to handle many ingredients, the inventory helps you track your stock.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion,
```suggestion
As you probably need to handle many ingredients, the inventory helps you to keep track of your stock.
```

It displays a list of ingredients whose quantities can be tracked.

> When you create an order with ingredients,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create, edit or delete an order with ingredients,
```

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">

**:bookmark: Note:**<br>

* Ingredients are considered duplicates or matches when they have the same name and unit.
  The matching of name and unit is case insensitive.

* You cannot have duplicate ingredients in the inventory.

* Ingredients in the inventory are sorted by ascending alphabetical order of ingredient name.
  Uppercase letters appear before lowercase letters.

</div>

### 3.3 Orders
The orders feature helps you manage your orders.
You can track client details, recipe details, order price, quantity, deadline and status with this feature.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">

**:bookmark: Note:**<br>

* Orders are considered duplicates when they have the same client details, recipe details, deadline and price.
  The matching of details are case insensitive where applicable.

* You cannot have duplicate orders in the application.

* Orders are sorted by completion status, then deadline. Uncompleted orders appear before completed orders.
  Within each group of uncompleted and completed orders, orders with earlier deadlines are higher in the list.

</div>

### 3.4 Recipe (Bookmarks)

> If you frequently get orders for your signature dishes, the recipe bookmarks feature will be useful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you frequently receive orders for your signature dishes, the recipe bookmarks feature will be useful.
```

For example if your client for an order has an allergy to peanuts, you can copy your usual recipe to the order and remove peanuts,
without affecting other orders that copied from the recipe before.
You can also change your recipe bookmarks, for example to increase its price, without affecting the integrity of past order records.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">

**:bookmark: Note:**<br>

* Recipe bookmarks are considered duplicates when they have the same name, ingredients and price.
  The matching of details are case insensitive where applicable.

* You cannot have duplicate recipe bookmarks in the application.

* Recipe bookmarks may also be referred to as Recipes for simplicity.

* Recipe bookmarks are sorted by ascending alphabetical order of recipe name.
  Uppercase letters appear before lowercase letters.

</div>

### 3.5 Statistics
You may find it handy to track your business performance.
BTBB offers 3 types of statistics to help you with that!
They are:
* Revenue per month for the past 12 months.
* Top 10 clients who made the highest number of orders.

> * Top 10 recipes that appear in the highest number of orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Top 10 recipes that appear most frequently in all orders.
```
